hello everyone I'm pleased to announce
my new tour for 2024 beginning in early
February and running through June Tammy
and I an assortment of special guests
are going to visit 51 cities in the US
you can find out more information about
this on my website
jordanbpeterson.com as well as accessing
all relevant ticketing information I'm
going to use the tour to walk through
some of the ideas I've been working on
my forthcoming book out November 2024 we
who wrestle with God I'm looking forward
to this I'm thrilled to be able to do it
again and I'll be pleased to see all of
you again soon
bye-bye the location that our daughter
worked had called and asked if our son
could come in to work and it all took
off from there and there was nothing in
the middle um complete trust and all of
a sudden we find out that she had
created this world where she works where
she's known as a
boy
[Music]
so hi everybody I'm here with Todd and
Christa colad today and there are a
couple from Northeast Montana who've uh
had The Misfortune to have their sleeves
caught in the Child Protection Services
mall and uh their daughter started
making CL names of variant gender
identity in 2021 and uh then got tangled
in online interactions that led to the
arrival of Child Protection Service at
the doorstep of the col stads and uh to
say things went downhill from there as
to say almost nothing I'd highly
recommend that you watch this podcast
especially if you regard yourself let's
say and your family as sort of typical
middle class Americans trying to live a
quiet and normal life because you need
to know what might happen to people who
are complacent enough to imagine that
such a thing is possible under the
circumstances that obtain today this is
a cautionary tale and it's a rough one
so uh join us and go down the rabbit
hole of of State mandated gender
affirming
care well thank you for flying here and
talking to me today I presume we're
going to have a difficult conversation
we are yes I imagine so so we'll start
really at the beginning um you have five
children Todd has five children Todd has
five children five children okay okay
and how long have you guys been married
um we've been married seven years yes
together about okay yeah now how are
your children doing in general um our
the oldest daughter is in Canada um she
moved away when she was was over the age
of
18 um we have a daughter that's in
Kalispell area we have a daughter that's
in the Navy that's a medic she does
fantastic in what she does and then we
have a son in that's in Canada that the
been with his mother the whole time that
that one they've had a lot of problems I
think um hopefully he's on track now and
then we have our daughter we have a
daughter Jennifer that's been with uh me
her whole life uh every day went to work
I took her with took her to breakfast
every day of her life for the first few
years she was in school um that kind of
relationship took her four-wheeling you
know out seeeing nature and probably a
super close relationship because of that
okay now and it's it's Jennifer's the
daughter yes that where where
difficulties emerged in
2021 and you were around then yes I okay
and so and so what was your view of what
was going on with Jennifer in 2020 21 so
in 2021 she was just 12 12 and A2 when
when the issue started and you know she
was a young girl she had kind of come
into puberty she had struggled with
bullying and stuff her whole since about
I came into her life when she was in I
think second grade and she'd always been
bullied in school so it's something
we've always battled um so in 2021 she
was about 12 and A2 and people from the
church started saying to us you know
your daughter is saying that she wants
to be called Leo and be referred to as a
boy and she's saying that she's your son
while she's at church and so we sat down
with her and we said hey you know what
is this about what's going on here and
she said well I I think I think I want
to be a boy and we were like okay so we
I had a conversation with her and Todd
did too you know we had a family
conversation about why do you feel this
way do you think it's because you've
always been bullied do you think it's
because you're not in contact with your
birth mom and as a girl that would
probably be very very um heartbreaking
you know the person that loves you the
most didn't has never wanted anything to
do with you and so we went over trauma
and losses and things like that and I
was like how about if we go to
counseling and you explore this with a
counselor because she's not going to
listen to her parents you know we
don't you know how it is with with
younger kids and anyway so I knew she
was going to take our advice so we put
her in counseling and we thought we were
in a different place so we really didn't
have any more issues
with her saying that she want to be
transgender until the day when all of
this kicked off yes okay so well so
let's delve into that a little bit so
Todd you said that you spent a lot of
time with Jennifer Whole Life okay and
you also both of you pointed out that
she she was bullied in school from a
young age so so did she have friends at
school or was she very few friends okay
and do do you did you have any sense of
what it was that that was attracting the
attention of the
bullies yes kind of um because prior to
moving back to where we live now the
problem started at 12 and it was mostly
lying crazy lies so the school we met
with their counselors there and they
said what the kids are doing to be mean
are wrong but she's bringing on herself
with her action so she's partly
accountable too and where we live now
the school is fantastic the account
the um principal the the staff is just
fantastic and so they would she um she
would come home and we find out that
kids there told her to kill herself and
um the school would require them to
write a note saying uh you know
apologizing the school apologized and
that's how she was treated but she we
would check her status every single day
find out how every single day went with
her we were proactive with the school
and things were really good most you
know um with her life other than um well
so so what do you think was going on
with regards to the story she was
telling you you you made some mention of
of lying that she was doing at school
and so what do you think was happening
with that it's strange it's it's we
wanted that diagnosed it wouldn't just
be lying it' be lying about good things
and bad things um uh we didn't know
where it would come from so our Only
Rule with her was you have to tell the
truth and we'd explain to her the
importance of telling the truth so from
the point of how we got here there was
never through these years there's never
been issues of transgender there hasn't
been issues of any of that it's been
lying you know that kind of thing and I
think with school you know just as as a
girl I can say she's always been super
super smart like always Straight A's off
the chart smarts and I I asked them do
you think she could be on the Spectrum
somewhere and we're looking at some
things going on there but I've never got
a DI creative very very creative
you see the reason I'm asking about that
well partly it's the lies I'm curious
about that with regards to like an
active Fantasy Life let's say but it's
also the case that I believe that the
kids who are more likely to be attracted
by these gender fluid ideologies are
likely to be creative open kids who have
in some way have a more fluid identity
because they're creative this is
attractive to them and you also
portrayed your daughter at school at
least as a bit of an outsider and so one
of the attractions of this gender
ideology is that it gives kids who are
Outsiders and who are uncertain about
their identity you know a way
of a way of being and also a way of
being outstanding and recognized for
something new now the school that she
was at in 2021 is that the school you
were referring to where you believe they
are doing a good job yes so where do you
think she picked up these ideas about
about gender transition oh that's easy
um Tik Tock is one I think there's
Predators on there that um lead kids
that are more of the um Outsiders into a
specific Direction that's a big one and
then there's other kids already in that
boat that are also seduced by those kind
of things so to speak and so she or the
church was telling us and her counselors
that she's running with a lot of those
kind of kids is what we're being told
well and we had measures in place like
she could she just didn't have free
reign of the internet like we had apps
on that controlled where she could go
and stuff but when she left our house I
know she was going to friend's house who
don't have those measures in place so
she's getting access to you know social
media even though it's not in our house
she's still getting access to it right
and these these friends like did you
have any sense of of who they were what
they were like we met some of them we
tried to help them them there were kids
um one of them would walk to a town 15
miles away in the winter without a coat
and we gave him a coat we tried to
monitor that and um monitor how uh her
activities were with them and it's a
very tough balancing line with a once
they hit 12 to right well the thing is
kids of that age they're trying to the
task of a child that age really is to
stop being a child and to start
associating with their peers right and
so part of the reason that teenage
children are so susceptible to peer
pressure is because their job at that
age is to become socialized into the
world of their peers and that that helps
them make the transition from being a
dependent child to an independent adult
right you go from your parents to your
friends with your parents in the
background and then hopefully you get
through your friends in some ways so
that you can become independent and then
establish your own family so it the the
susceptibility of teenagers to peer
pressure is not only normative but also
in some ways desirable but the problem
is of course that it can go very
sideways if the peer group is prone
to the sorts of behaviors that won't
lead them into a productive and and
enjoyable adulthood so yeah so that's a
rough situation and and you said you
tried to monitor her social media use
but there was there's a limit to well
there is a limit how much you can do
about that too not partly because for
all the dangers that are inherent to
smartphones and Technology children
still have to learn to master it and so
you
can it's not easy to figure out how to
have your teenagers
be expert in an electronic world without
being exposed to all the catastrophes
that come along with it okay so now you
said that first of all your church
alerted you to the fact that she was
toying with a male identity correct so
and and you thought in could did you see
any changes in the way she was
presenting herself that that had she's
always been a tomboy never been um my
husband owns a a tech company and so
she's never been into girly things she's
always been in computers and robots and
things like that she's never been a girl
I see I see oh oh I see and so she had
so one of the biggest differences
between men and women masculine and
feminine temperaments let's say is that
men are more reliably interested in
things and women are more reliably
interested in people but she sounds like
she had at least to some degree more
male pattern interest say now that's not
completely unheard of among women
obviously either so the mere fact that
that occurs doesn't mean that you're
born in the wrong body let's say but you
you said she was smart and she's
creative and she was interested in what
what exactly did you say robots and
electronics and with my husband owning a
computer company her and a bunch the Tex
all kind of raised their children
together and you know they would take
turns taking them to school and stuff so
there were about three or four little
girls and their interests were computers
and what their dads were doing and
taking apart the computer and learning
about the computer so again with her
being super smart even with us putting
measures in place to try and limit her
internet activity super smart kid would
figure out a way around it you know so
we're always trying to have to kind of
get around that right okay so now you
did sit down with her and you had a
conversation about what you had heard at
church and what what did she tell you um
she started crying she was very very
upset and very emotional and she said
you know I I just I don't know what to
do I I nobody likes me so she came back
to nobody really likes me I don't really
have any friends so maybe if I'm
something different this will help me
and yeah yeah well I interviewed this
this woman CH Khloe Cole I've heard of
yeah yeah well Khloe is a g transitioner
and now an activist um trying to stop
the early surgical transition mutilation
and sterilization of children she had
both her breasts removed when she was I
think she was 15 some something
absolutely awful and she said to me well
a couple of things that I thought were
interesting the first thing she said is
when she was about 12 or 11 or 12 she
realized or assumed that when she did
finish her journey through puberty that
she would have a rather boyish figure
and she had fantasized about being built
like Kim Kardashian you know extremely
curvy and she thought that it it's not
going to go that way and I won't make a
very good woman and so maybe I would
make a better boy which is I suppose
something that's within the realm of
fantasy for you know young women who are
battling with the complexities of
puberty but nobody ever told her you
know none of the counselors she ever
talked to none of the psychologists
so-called or the Physicians never told
her that that kind of discomfort with
that bodily discomfort is very very very
common normative even among 12 13y old
girls and that virtually everybody grows
out of it and that um The Suffering that
goes see the other thing happens to
girls too when they hit puberty is their
levels of negative emotion go up and so
that can also confuse them and and your
daughter was additionally suffering from
the fact and this is a real problem of
her unpopularity right and so she's
going to be casting around looking for a
way of being as a teenager that's going
to pull her into the social group right
and so you I was just going to say she
always wants she's always wanted to be
like the pretty Ultra popular girl and I
get it I'm a girl too like who doesn't
want that when they kid but instead
she's always been like the the kid in
math club and the kid who goes to math
competitions and wins and the kid who
you know super super smart so she's
always struggled with that we all know
cancel culture threatens Free Speech but
do you think social media companies are
innocent bystanders when they hide your
channel from search results for
expressing the wrong opinion that is
censorship PL and simple nobody should
have the right to silence your voice the
good news is you can fight back by by
using our trusted privacy partner
expressvpn the problem with big tech
companies is that they censor what you
see and track what you do online they
track what you're searching for the
videos you watch and everything you
click they use this data to serve you
ads and can match your activity to your
true identity using your device's unique
IP address when you use expressvpn your
identity is masked and anonymized by a
secure VPN server that encrypts your
data and expressvpn makes it super easy
you're protected by just One Tap on your
computer or phone to turn it on if you
care about free speech like we do it's
time to take action and defend your
rights what better way to do this than
by taking away Tech company's free
license to monetize your valuable
personal data take back your privacy at
expressvpn.com Jordan you'll get an
extra 3 months of expressvpn for free by
visiting Jordan special link e
expressvpn.com
Jordan that's
EX vpn.com Jordan to protect your data
today she'd probably do fine once she
got to University yeah right because
then she's going to be able to find a
niche where those skills and
abilities they they'll be people around
her that she'll be able to fit right in
with and and it's also at that time
later where that kind of intelligence
and mathematical ability and interest is
really going to pay off but that's not
necessarily the case in junior high
school for example exle okay so you talk
to her and she's not she's upset she's
crying and she's telling you that you
know she's pretty sick of being
unpopular and so forth and you take her
to a counselor okay and so or you set
her up with a counselor and what sort of
counselor was that what was
qualification church he was the director
of the youth group who has some
counseling credentials and so we asked
him if he would start meeting with her
weekly before youth group and talking to
her okay and what what was the
consequence of that everything was
really positive during that whole time
but what came out later she said they
put a gun to her head which was again
one of the crazy lies and she meant it
literally so it was
mixed and so but there was counselor
with someone you trusted and you don't
believe that the counselor was someone
who tilted her farther down this road
not at all I don't think he did at all
so you had the conversation with her and
then you thought things were essentially
going okay do was she still complaining
at that time about about not being
popular at school mhm she was she was
and what grade was she in at at that
point seven yeah it started in grade
that's a rough grade so yeah yeah okay
okay so she sees the counselor for about
how long about six or eight months okay
weekly M and did you see any changes in
her behavior anything like what was
thing what were things like at home at
that point that's what um it it was so
hard to analyed because I drove her to
school or to the bus whichever she
wanted just a best friend relationship I
took her to school picked her up her
life was happy uh if something did bad
happen she would let me know it right
you know she would let me know right
away and she was in a hurry to do her
kid things get on her Electronics or go
see her friends and she had a summer job
um life so you felt that things things
were good and you believed that the
communication channels were open yes and
you're watching this I mean they have a
very close relationship you're watching
this what do you think of the
relationship between these two um you
know what they they're very close um
she's also very close to me cuz I'm the
only mother figure she's ever known so
she actually calls me mom even though
I'm her stepmom and so we were very very
close with her and very um open
communication definitely okay um so but
again you have to remember we also have
a child that has behavior problems and
has some other attention-seeking
behaviors and stuff like that so even
though we were close to her and
monitoring her and keeping an eye on her
she still kind of has this other life
over here where she I don't want to say
gets in trouble but she makes up stories
and she does things then it comes back
to our life over here well that's tricky
too he because you know
you you don't want you actually don't
want your children in some ways to share
absolutely everything with you when
they're teenagers right because they
should be parceling off a part of their
life that's private yeah I don't mean
hidden exactly or secret that isn't what
I mean but because they're starting to
mature they they should be have a they
should have their right to private
privacy and their right to explore in
that private domain I mean one of the
things we do know about the pathway of
childhood development is there are some
children who act out all the time let's
say and they're they often stay in
trouble and get in more trouble as they
get older and then there's children who
never do anything wrong at all and they
also get in trouble as they get older
they're more likely to be dependent and
depressed and anxious then there's the
kids in the middle who you know will
experiment and and and cause a certain
amount of trouble and trying to
see where the limits are as teenagers
and and so and that does imply that they
parse off a bit of a private life but as
far as you guys were concerned dur after
you had that initial conversation while
she was undergoing this counseling
things were no worse than they usually
were at least and and and some of the
signs were good she had activities she
was going to school she had a job she
had some interests and she was still
communicating with both of you
absolutely absolutely okay what about
her siblings what did they were were any
of her siblings around at that time as
well she's the last one in the house and
so um three of the older girls are are
kind of busy with their lives and you
know they call maybe once a week or so
and she she hasn't spoken to her brother
um who's been with a birth mom in
probably seven or eight years they just
don't have phone contact okay okay so in
some ways in your household at this time
she was in the position of only child
there was correct okay she's the only
child in the house okay so now all right
so you're going along and there's some
problems but they don't sound like
they're completely out of the ordinary
for you know 13-year-old girl with some
with some trouble socializing and so
what what's the next event and so well
two things what do you think's happening
at school like was your school a woke
school was it a reasonable school was it
still the case that you think that most
of the exposure she had to this gender
ideology was was online was the did the
school play a role in this the school
played absolutely no role in that yeah
we live in a very very small area um so
I often tell people if you Google middle
of nowhere United States that town that
comes up Glasgow Montana that's where we
live and so they're not very woke out
there at all and so the school if she
had demanded to be called by other names
or other pronouns they would have shut
it down immediately they wouldn't have
they wouldn't have done that okay so
this as far as you're concerned this was
something that was mostly occurring as a
consequence of her of a particular peer
group she was associating with and also
information that she was obtaining
online and you mentioned Tik Tok in
particular was there a reason for that
specific mention yeah because some of
well we had seen a couple of times where
we were just blown away because life was
perfect at home relationship was perfect
and then we would see crazy posts online
or through email and then some of the
applications that she would go to um on
her computer and these were some of the
things she was posting and what sort of
things was she posting well one time um
we were in for example we were in kisel
she was in Glasgow and she she posted
she's in some kind of game and that her
parents would beat her ass was her words
and um none of that we we were shocked
when we saw that on her phone and she
she said I don't know why I do this um I
don't know why I see so that was another
manifestation of those fantastic
fantasies and lies yes ESS
right so she's toying with being
different a different person online so
that's the weird one of the weird things
about the online world is because you
can be any and we don't know exactly
know what this is doing to kids you can
be anything you want online right
because there's no one there watching
you there's and so any story you
tell you can get away with any story you
tell and you can also monitor the impact
of that story right and if you're
Desperately Seeking attention then
if you come up with a Fantastical story
that buys you a lot of sympathy let's
say then that's an easy road to walk
down so you know I've seen other teenage
girls get in trouble in exactly this way
do you know and this is a very personal
question and you're not obliged to
answer it do you know if she was posting
do you know if any of the interactions
she had online had any sexual component
was she posting photographs or anything
like that no I've never seen anything
like that it was more the the fantasy
and the lies like would say that she had
a twin brother that her birth mom uh
killed and then her birth mom was in
prison just crazy things that have never
happened you know so it was more fantasy
but never never really sexual right and
you didn't have any sense that there was
like specific Predators after her online
did she have like had she gathered
around her a community of people that
were attending to what she was posting
that might have involved some of these
more predatory characters she did
gather a group of people from the trans
community that gathered around her and
was telling her you know how Brave she
is and how great she is so she did
gather that crowd now the crowd where
she was saying she was a gang and stuff
no not right but but in this other
domain she did well that's very
interesting form of reinforcement well
you see that in the culture at large you
know that there's this insistence that
these brave people who come out with
their true identity are heroes of A Sort
right and and part of the problem with
that is that well there are confused
people who struggle their whole life to
come out from what they're hiding behind
to reveal who they are let's say but
there's plenty of people who are
narcissistic as can possibly Be Imagined
who use that as a means of obtaining
like a false status and and that's
certainly I would say something that's
the that the Biden Administration has
been particularly complicit in producing
and so if your daughter is unsure of
herself and if she's unpopular
and she finds a group of people who are
congratulating her on her bravery every
time she takes a step in the direction
of this revelation of identity you know
Cleo told me that after a while too and
I I know another girl who is in this
situation too is you know after a while
after you adopt a new identity like that
say as a boy and you gather a bit of a
community around you it's pretty damn
hard to step backwards right cuz you
feel like you're absolutely you feel
like you're the the one girl I'm
speaking of like she decided that she
was a boy and then some of her friends
afterward out as a consequence of her
influence felt they were boys and then
when she decided maybe she wasn't a boy
and that was a bad idea one of the
things that she found very difficult was
back stepping backwards because now she
felt guilty that she had enticed other
people down this road right so you start
to produce these false identities and
they take a life of their they take on a
life of their own like well like any lie
does right right and and then if it's
magnified by people in some ways the
people online are doing exactly the same
thing because they've taken dire steps
in the wrong direction and are likely to
encourage that in other people exactly
right okay so but but all things
considered you too weren't unduly
concerned you had some concerns about
about her popularity and about her
storytelling that the teachers are they
reporting any particularly um
unacceptable Behavior at school during
this time yes in that it this wasn't a
daily problem um once every month to
sometimes two months something would
happen we'd hear her version of it so we
would write away because we're concerned
parents we interacted and the schools
there are just very good at interacting
with with parents they're they're not
woke they're not all that and um but
they would say um our daughter's version
of that was not accurate she actually
instigated it or she caused the
confrontation even though what the other
kids did was they're in trouble you know
they're in trouble but if she's got a
part to play in this too right right
it's almost like if how can I put this
like if I if I keep poking at to and
then he snaps at me and then I'm like oh
my gosh look what you did it was like
that type of behavior that kind of
attention seeking
victimizing provocativeness yeah however
there there was always the sense though
and it's simp what you said earlier um
there's always a sense that this is
going to be a short little battle
because her brain's going to develop and
she's going to become a very smart girl
and I had no doubt this is going to be a
very successful young adult you know I
never thought so there wasn't never a
sense of this is there wasn't such a
strong I want to be trans or there was
none of that really going on that would
have led to so you had confidence in her
long-term outcome even absolutely
because why absolutely why were you so
certain of that because um if just given
more time to grow
up you know cuz kids had an awkward age
yeah she had a lot of attention when she
was a kid she was in our stores
customers would bring her stuff to
animals and she's in it Corporation and
people treat her like gold and she grows
up and all of a sudden she's at an
awkward age glasses braces and all that
okay and um with the wrong kids but
eventually they'd be good kids and
becoming an adult the brain develops and
they settle into whatever gender they
really are and um so you guys were still
thinking that this was just yeah you
were prepared to wait it out you'd had
lots of children you'd gone through this
with many kids already one one one of
one of my daughters initially didn't was
confused but became an adult and wasn't
said boy I can't believe I thought that
way when I was younger good thing um uh
I didn't make bad decisions you know yes
well it's not it's not uncommon and you
could imagine too like you've
characterized your daughter as somewhat
of a tomboy and I think that to some
degree was confusing for tomboy forever
but they weren't also ever offered the
opportunity of presuming that just
because they had some aspects of their
character that were more masculine that
what they that meant was they had to
surgically bring themselves into
alignment with that right which is very
very very very bad idea okay so all
right so you're going along with this
situation and and you have some concerns
but you believe they'll reconcile
themselves in the long run and so and
then when when does when do things Break
um I'll let you tell most um we were
coming back from Billings Montana from a
medical
appointment and um the location that our
daughter worked had called and asked if
our son could come in to work and it all
took off from there and there was
nothing in the middle um there was just
um for over a year just nothing but a
good kid great relationship complete
trust and all of a sudden we find out
that she had created this world where
she works where she's known as a boy and
it
all we we made a decision we thought
okay we don't want to say nothing and I
was I was bummed out I was very
depressed about it um we don't want to
say nothing we don't want to ruin you
know cuz school's getting ready to start
I wanted everything on a positive note
and but yet she had been lying to us and
lying about this about her um and and
how she had been working there a year no
she'd been there only a few months I
mean she yeah okay couple of months and
what was she doing what was the job um
it was at a local restaurant just a
little little local dive restaurant
right so she had gone there as a boy she
no they they all knew that she was
female but she went there and she
presented this image that she's
transgender and that they needed to buy
into this and call her by different
pronoun and stuff and they were all kind
of kind of like uh I don't really know
what to do with this so they just played
along with
it are you tired of feeling sluggish run
down or just not your best self take
control of your health and vitality with
balance of nature balance of nature
fruits and veggies are a great way to
make sure you're getting essential
nutritional ingredients every single day
they use an advanced cold vacuum process
that encapsulates fruits and vegetables
into Whole Food supplements without
sacrificing their natural antioxidants
the capsules are completely void of
additives fillers extracts synthetics
pesticides or added sugars the only
thing in balance of Nature's fruit and
veggie capsules are well fruits and
veggies right now you can order with
promo code Jordan to get 35% off your
first order plus a free fiber and spice
supplement there's never been an easier
way to make sure you're getting your
daily dose of fruits and vegetables
experience balance of nature for
yourself today go to balance of
nature.com and use promo code Jord for
35% off your first order as a preferred
customer plus get a free bottle of fiber
and spice that's balance of nature.com
promo code Jordan for 35% off your first
preferred order plus a free bottle of
fiber and
spice I see I see so they allowed her to
go by Leo I see so she started to now is
it accurate to say that she started to
take the Persona that she was playing
with online and now start to if what
would happen if she was playing this out
in the world yes in the world and so she
built this little thing at her her job
and um again that she was a boy and you
know going by Leo and stuff so it all
came to a head on August 18th um the
next week school was starting and she
was going to be a nth grader in high
school and because of all of her past
history was struggling in school we said
hey why don't we take a break from the
summer job and go ahead and start high
school see where we can go with high
school and if at Christmas break you're
doing great which you always do great
and you know things are under control
and you're not feeling too anxious or
too bullied or
anything go back to your summer job
maybe you can start working one day a
week during you know like maybe one day
a weekend on the winter hours and she
she obviously didn't want to do that we
also had talked to her about hey you
know they called and they said our son
needed to come to work today and and you
know what's going on with that or why
are you doing this again you know do we
need to have a conversation about that
and she was just mad she's a mad
teenager at that day um okay so let's
let's Okay so so you guys you found out
what she was doing at work and you
suggested to her that she stopped the
job temporarily and if things went well
she could pick it up again in the winter
essentially okay and which part of that
do you think made her angry well you
also called her out on the fact that she
had been presenting herself as a boy at
the job so what do you think it was that
made her angry did she really like the
job did she feel you were interfering no
it wasn't that what do you think it was
I think it was the fact that we called
her out and this per this personality
and this fantasy that she began living
she was now going to have to stop living
good way to put that it was I think it
was that she had a little world within
the world where she could be what she
wanted to be at that time and that was
being imploded on her and instead she
she also did not want to start high
school and there were some instances
prior to school and this is just days
before school started where some of the
kids were already being mean you know so
that's true we took her to high school
orientation and some of the kids were
already at high school orientation being
mean to her I see I see and so and H H
how do you think she was doing at her
job in her new identity I mean people
were playing along with that was she
being bullied at at work no no she did
have a couple incidents where some
people had said things to were at work
and she came home upset so not
necessarily getting bullied but there
were people that were like you're not
not a boy we're not playing along with
this that's not how when she came home
and was upset that's not what she'd say
to us she'd say oh the customers were
really mean today you know and things
like that but in hindsight and kind of
putting it together with her boss now
that's what was going on is people were
like you're not a boy what is wrong with
you why are you acting this way and she
would be very very upset by the time she
got home okay so she's heading back to
school and she's going into high school
so that's a big transition and she's it
looks like there's going to be some
continuation of the same trouble and
she's not particularly happy about
having had her new Fantasy Life at work
exposed now is there anything else going
on at the time that's that what else is
happening um she just strange problem
she started having really really bad
headaches and she started having vision
problems and we we had full medical um
insurance we took her in for everything
um we're having her eyes constantly
checked um she was going through um hair
loss she was wanting to wear ball caps
all the time she was um having almost
like a we don't know if they're
hallucinations or what you would call it
but there was a combination of those
things happening steadily and just
terrible headaches and so um that was a
concern that we were having it was
adding to the uh other you know
behavioral things and they seem to go in
line with that almost so in hindsight we
found out that one of her friends who
was another 14-year-old girl was
ordering her hormones off of Amazon and
having them sent to her her house not
ours and then giving those to our
daughter Jennifer what were the hormones
and how were those purchasable on Amazon
do you know they are purchasable on
Amazon and you don't have to prove that
you're 18 or anything you can just go in
and and and buy them and um they were
female to male hormones I I could look
it up and send it to you the exact ones
if you want but um so we found out event
after all this happened that that's what
was going on at the time cuz we couldn't
figure it out I took her to the eye
doctor three times and I was like
something must be wrong with her glasses
you know you must be wrong she's having
these headaches and they were like no we
can't find was the hair loss noticeable
MH every every one of the things that we
said was listed as a side effect and
that's if you're taking the right dosage
and you're you're you're a teenager and
most likely when kids are prescribing
drugs to kids what's the odds of them
following the prescription if they're in
a hurry to try to become something else
you know so that's what we are
oh yeah Jesus that's brutal yeah cuz
that well any first of all I had no idea
that that was such an easy thing to do
and second you just have absolutely no
idea what that might do to to her mental
health or physical health generally
speaking right and looking back I can
see things like she not she was acting
like more aggressive like really quick
to anger um you know her her skin her
complexion just went terrible like and I
took her to the doctor I was ordering or
proactive you know all these things
online just like what is going on with
this kid's acne like this is not normal
for her so in hindsite I know it was now
those hormones that she had taken
herself right right we we didn't find
this out until after CPS had taken her
away okay so okay so now she's off to
high school so so continue the story
what happen August 18th um what had
happened is we had the discussion with
her about stopping the job and starting
high school and starting fresh
and um she was very angry with us and
very upset with us that day but she even
though she was angry she was coming in
and out of the room with us you know she
she'd talk to us and stuff but then
she'd be snippy you know and and go back
to her room typical teenager Behavior so
wasn't alarming so I got a call at
exactly 148 from our local police
department saying that our daughter had
make text message comments to another
child that she wanted to kill herself
and that that this was her intention so
I stayed on the phone with a police
officer I walked down the hallway to
where she was and I and I who reported
that I'm sorry who reported the text
messages the other child that she made
these these the child reported M do you
think the child did that of her own
accord or was that a plan or were their
parents involved cuz that's very that's
very odd she only met the child one time
at a track meet like seven or eight
months prior but she had spun this whole
thing with this other little girl that
she had terminal cancer and that Todd
and I weren't letting her get treatments
so I see so this was part and parcel of
a whole story yeah so I do think that
the child reported it cuz I think the
child was like she's being terribly
abused by these awful people oh yeah oh
yeah yeah so the the police officer like
I said he called I went down the hallway
and I talked to Jennifer and she was she
was in her room but the door was open
and I was like hey you know what's going
on the the cops are on the phone like
what what is this about I've seen other
girls spin fantasies like that online
and make false reports to other people
of abuse in the household and the social
services teams come ramp paging in like
mad right and yes often the girls who
have spun the fantasies well they're
taken completely aback by the
consequences of their actions but you
know that's another indication of that
bit of tendency towards histrionic
Behavior right dramatic and histrionic
behavior that can produce these sorts of
cascading consequences okay so this was
reported to the police right and so I
stayed on the phone with the officer and
I spoke to our daughter every and I told
the police officer I'm like I I don't
think I I think she's just angry at us
she's having a day and this is something
that she's doing to act up and act out
for attention I said I'm not concerned
if I am concerned I'll certainly call
you back I'll call an ambulance I'll do
whatever I have to do to make sure that
she's safe you know and so that was at
about 148 and then at 7:40 that night is
when Children's Services showed up at
our house because they said the police
officer could not lay eyes on the child
or speak to the child directly even
though he didn't ask he didn't come over
he didn't ask to see her he didn't ask
for me to hand her the phone none of
that happened so at this point and so
the how many people from Child Services
showed up just one lady just one lady M
it's at this point we're like okay well
this has never happened before and this
is weird and and you're really taking
back when children you know now you're
in trouble yeah you're like what did I
do what's going on around here so we are
very transparent cuz our attitude was
being transparent we have nothing to
hide so why not let them look at
whatever they want to look at and then
they can go about their day and and go
on their way so we gave her a tour the
house we showed her what do you think
you should have
done now in hindsight I think we should
have said no that this isn't get out of
here like you can lay eyes on the child
if you want but you're not coming in our
house you're not getting into our lives
there's no reason for you to be here
like we should have stood strong in the
fact that yeah it's tough a because the
natural proc
if the if if everything is okay is to do
exactly what you did to cooperate and to
believe that your cooperation will
produce the best possible positive
result my suspicions are now that for
everybody in watching and listening if
Child Services shows up at your doorstep
it's time to get a lawyer like right now
before you talk to them before you do
anything with them do not to presume
axiomatically that they are on your side
or that things are going to go well in
fact I would say quite the contrary and
that that was where we at we thought oh
well they're going to be on our side
they're going to see that we're dealing
with a child who who has some problems
that we're addressing and then they're
going to go about their day and and
that's not what happen so okay so you
you're showing this person around your
house what what what's the interaction
like with the person it was friendly she
was friendly she was nice I mean yeah
our home is to very stocked very nice
home um uh our daughter spoiled rotten
for technology in her room um the report
was that she had taken 30 ibuprofen and
drank we haven't gotten there yet so
what happened then she said she had to
talk to Jennifer alone and we were at
that point we were like wow this is
getting really yeah but we said okay you
can talk to her alone and they went out
on the porch they spoke for about 10
minutes and then Todd and I went out on
the porch cuz we're like we're just not
comfortable with this this is going in a
weird way we're not okay with this and
at that point that's when um Jennifer
had told the CPS worker that she had
taken 30 ibuprofen earlier in the day at
about 3:00 as well as she drank toilet
bowl cleaner an effort to end her life
and we're like we know this didn't
happen because she has no signs of
chemical burns you know she's not
lethargic she's not sick and plus I had
been in the kitchen that day with my
laptop at the table working where the
ibuprofen and stuff were and I know she
hadn't take any you know she hadn't had
any squired away I knew she hadn't done
it but we were like we we know that she
tells stories and this is not true but
we're going to go to the hospital and
have her checked because we're going to
be safe as you could possibly be and
then that's where all the problems
really really started when we got the
hospital continue tell tell me what
happened so we get to the hospital that
night you take her does the social
worker come along with you at this point
does yes okay so all of you are going to
the hospital so we transport our
daughter with us in the social what s
what sort of mood is your daughter in at
the moment at that moment nobody spoke
we weren't really speaking we're really
Blown Away by everything that just
happened because just had friends over
and our daughter was having a really
good time she had a new puppy too that
day so she was really happy and um so we
were really caught off guard by the
whole thing and the way there it was
very quiet we were just in a hurry to
get there and the whole time just
wondering where all this came from so
quickly you know how did we go from zero
to CPS at our house and now we're on the
way to the hospital but so now you also
don't know like this fantasy that came
out about the ibuprofen and the toilet B
cleaner so you have no idea how far
she's taken multiple fantasies in Her
Imagination right and how because this
is what happens to people who wander off
track you know is they start dwelling on
fantasies and and spend hours on them or
hundreds of hours on them and develop a
very
elaborated alternative world or multiple
alternative worlds and so God only knows
where the story of the IU profen and the
toilet bowl cleaner came out you know
cuz you made reference earlier to the
fact that she had shared some fantasies
online with her online crowd right about
having a twin brother and like you just
have no idea how much of that dreamlike
world she's allowing to occupy Her
Imagination right right because it's
isn't it's surprising a because you say
well you were having a perfectly as far
as you could tell a perfectly normal day
a happy day even she got a new puppy and
and yet as soon as she talks to the
social worker there's this immediate
fantasy of 40 ibuprofen and toilet I
mean that's a dramatic fantasy right I
mean killing yourself is one thing but
killing yourself with ibuprofen and
toilet bowl cleaner that's that's pretty
bloody
brutal starting a business can be tough
especially knowing how to run your
online storefront thanks to Shopify it's
easier than ever Shopify is the global
Commerce platform that helps you sell at
every stage of your business from the
launch your online shop stage all the
way to the did we just hit a million
orders stage Shopify is there to help
you grow our marketing team uses Shopify
every day to sell our merchandise and we
love how easy it is to add more items
ship products and track conversions
Shopify helps you turn browsers into
buyers with the internet's best
converting checkout up to 36% better
compared to other leading Commerce
platforms no matter how big you want to
grow Shopify gives you everything you
need to take control and take your
business to the next level sign up for a
$1 per month trial period at shopify.com
jbp go to shopify.com jbp now to grow
your business no matter what stage
you're at that's shopify.com
jbp okay so you're on the way to the
hospital you don't know what's going on
the social workers is with you what
happens when you get to the hospital so
we get to the hospital and they right
away hook her up EKGs blood work you
know the whole Gambit and we're totally
fine with that right away she says I'm
transgender and my parents don't accept
me and everyone here needs to call me
Leo and the whole room was just kind of
like crickets like there no one really
said anything and and so Todd I stepped
up and we said you know she's done this
in the past we're not okay with she pick
the worst possible moment to announce
that yes right especially to announce
the fact that you guys don't accept her
right so now she's really playing with
fire like seriously playing with fire
and so our reaction was um you know
she's done this before we're not okay
with it you need to address her by her
birth name and you know her regular
pronouns and and that's what you told
the people at the hospital that's what
we told them right off the bat we said
we're not okay with this you need to
just not call her Leo her name is you
know Jennifer we'd like you to call her
Jennifer that's her birth name and we
all need to get her treated and move on
with what needs to be done now was our
attitude and so and how many people are
you telling this to the whole emergency
room crew there were probably five
people in the room plus the show show do
you know did you know that or do you
know in retrospect how many of them so
to speak were on your side and how many
of them were on your daughter's side
because you know increasingly in
institutions if a child goes into an
institution and makes a claim like that
the hospitals many hospitals now and
many organizations are tilted even
formally so that they're required to
take the side of the child correct and
that is what happened that is what
happened that is Jesus so we were we
were at the hospital for five days um
after five days yeah so we knew they
said the three-day hold when someone
tries to commit suicide or says they're
going to then they automatically go on a
three-day hold and we understood that
and we were like okay so the whole time
I'm going to the hospital for five six
hours a day because I don't her birth
mother abandon her and even I'm her
primary mother figure now and I don't
want her to feel like just because
you're acting up and you're being
bad we're going to abandon you that's
not how life works you know yeah I'm not
happy I have to sit down here all day
long but this is this is the way that
life is and family is so I'm down there
every day for five six hours a day and
at this point the hospital crew totally
turns against me so they start calling
her Leo and when I say hey that's not
her name I want you to call her by birth
name you know I'm getting a lot of
rolling their eyes and signing yeah
that's not good that's the best
predictor of divorce in married couples
who are seeking counseling eye rolling
yeah well it's a sign of contempt it's
not good it's it's not good so if that's
the sort of response you were getting
that was definitely indicative of the
fact that you were now put in the
unacceptable mother Camp absolutely and
so right and then so almost right away
there was one Aid that sat outside her
door cuz now she's on 24-hour
supervision so she's in a door and the
aid sits about like right there in that
doorway away from her just to watch her
so right so she's getting a lot of
attention lot our daughter's in the
middle right and then I'm kind of on the
other side of the room there so right
away the aid starts saying things to her
about how this particular Aid herself is
non-binary and is going to go have Top
surgery and oh boy and I'm like hey you
know what you need to shut this down
like this is not okay so I stayed calm
because I felt like they were trying to
bait me into a fight and then they could
look and turn around and say look at
these look at that's a typical tactic
absolutely typical tactic it's part of
that provocativeness is right there poke
and poke and poke and poke and poke and
poke and wait for an explosion and then
to say well I knew that you were the
sort of person who would explode right
and I felt like that's what was
happening to us so Todd and I stayed
very calm and then you lose when you
stay too calm because then they're like
well now you're too
calm no no well the whole point of
people who are manipulative like that
the whole game is to put you in a
position where no matter what you do
you're wrong and they're right you're
wrong and bad and they're right and good
that's the game right and so and what it
costs you that's irrelevant it's
completely irrelevant in fact
there's more and more studies of of
people who behave in this way because
you get a kind of narcissistic
manipulativeness but that slides very
rapidly into sadism and so not only do
they want to be right and good at your
expense but if you suffer as a
consequence so much the better right so
and if your daughter happens to have to
be dragged along for the ride while
they're proving their Mor Superior no
they're they're more than okay with that
that's just part of the fun so oh yeah
all right so now you're there's five
days in the hospital your daughter's
getting a lot of attention they put an
aid in there who's going to be
extraordinarily attentive to all of her
whims right correct there's one thing
that's really important here too during
this to me it's the big the biggest
thing is that right
immediately I've never heard our
daughter ever talk about another state
before for and there was talk about
Wyoming and then they said there are
different facilities that she could be
sent to almost all of them are in
Montana but there's one in Wyoming but
there was almost an unspoken language
going on between our daughter what are
these facilities that she's going to be
sent to why does that emerge as a
discussion they said she needed acute
psychiatric care because of the the
statement she was making about killing
herself and we were like okay and they
said it would be impatient so oh God
we're saying okay like we're if this is
what needs to happen to help her okay
let's get this done so we were told
there were six facilities in the state
of Montana and like Todd said that one
they started talking about Wyoming kind
of off to the side and it was kind of
like
a like a secret language if that if that
makes sense between our daughter well
they said they said it like this cuz
right away while they're talking I was
just listening and I went right to my
phone and good old Google went to Google
what's different about Wyoming and they
show the map of Idaho Montana The
Dakotas they all have laws Banning
transgender
care uh Wyoming does not they just lost
it on that battle and the the the
centerpiece of that is Casper well and
of course lurking behind all this is
your your
daughter's unwillingness in all
likelihood to go to high school mhm yeah
right because this gives her an out
Jesus terrible
at that point um you know we like Todd
said he had his phone we looked up
Wyoming and we said to the do to the
doctor and the social worker outside of
the room because I was very careful not
to have these conversations in front of
her because I I know she uses this
information and to be manipulative and
get what she wants so outside the room
we had a conversation and I said you
know we're not okay with Wyoming and
here's why and tell me if she were to go
to Wyoming what would be our rights
what's protecting us what's protecting
her when someone goes to impatient care
I was like what's expected are we
supposed to visit are you supposed to
visit weekly and and how how would we
get from I I mean we could drive but
we'd have to put our whole business on
hold and drive the 8 hours to Wyoming
and is this expected of us you know like
help me out here like tell me what
what's supposed to happen and I'll never
forget our CPS worker said to me she
said oh don't worry about Wyoming those
the chances of that happening are so
slim and we'll all have a conversation
and work through it together if that's
if that's what's on the table yeah and
when she when that got said you could
see immediate discomfort in our daughter
like she had just been betrayed and you
could see almost a we're just telling
your parents that isn't what they said
but that's what the body language I see
so the notion here is that there's
covert there's covert planning going on
behind the scenes yeah and I told her
that right away when we left I said I
said they are going to send her to
Wyoming that's what I said so um five
days go by because they they couldn't
find placement and they were having
trouble on August 22nd we were told that
she was next in line for a bed at a
facility in Billings so when we left the
hospital that day we were thinking okay
well she's going to go to this Billings
impatient um psychiatric care and that's
4 hours from us so if we're expected to
visit or or take things down there okay
so well so so let me ask you about this
because as far as as far as you guys are
concerned your your daughter apart from
her texts was not showing any signs of
suicidality right she never has she's
not suicid as a matter of fact she's
always been like any self har any
cutting anything like that no she had
one incident and the and CPS jumped on
this incident where I walked in her room
and she had a scratch on her arm and she
had a counseling appointment the next
day and I was like did you scratch
yourself did you do that and she tried
to tell me oh no the cat did it and I
was like okay but I took a picture of it
anyways and to this day I have that
picture and I sent it to her counselor
cuz she was going to counseling the next
day and I said I just found this on
Jennifer's arm
what should I do should I how should I
act should I be concerned do I punish
her like what does someone do in this
situation and he said thanks for sharing
it with me I will review it with her
tomorrow in counseling but again it was
a scratch it wasn't a big bloody G
there's no pattern here no not at all
okay now but now despite the fact that
she's not showing she's not depressed
she's not suicidal as far as you guys
can tell she claimed that she was she's
acting out that's for sure but now the
psychiatric Community has decided that
she's in such a dire condition that she
needs inpatient treatment for her
suicidality right now they're
undoubtedly covering their ass so to
speak and going by the book um and have
also decided that you're evil parents in
in the offing but what are you thinking
about given that your daughter is now
being pulled into the well into the
workings of this system I mean I
obviously you want to be cooperative so
but what do you what and you're
concerned obviously that there's
maneuvering going on behind the scenes
what are your thoughts uh in this
situation I thought the one thing that
could come out of this that might be
good I said now that she's in a bubble
with them the same problem we were just
having they're about to get the focus of
it they're going to start seeing what we
see and they did right away CPS and we
were hoping that we could get a
diagnosis based on that you know based
on if she goes in their care and starts
telling these crazy lies and stuff I see
that we would get some kind of diagnosis
of what was going on her the CPS during
that exact time CPS even called and
demanded that we turn over her cancer
treatment records we said she never had
cancer and then uh C did they ever offer
you a diagnosis that was associated with
her tendency to lie never never the
diagnosis we've been given has been um
ADHD pts there are I can't tell you
because you're not my clients but there
are diagnosis that are specific to the
behaviors that she's manifested that you
should have been told about and and
that's what I was thinking like there
definitely it's clear so if had they
known what they were doing and being
paying attention you would have received
a diagnosis cuz like I I've been
building it in the back of my mind as
you guys have been telling me the story
and to this day we still don't have a
diagnosis on the lying they just said
well sometimes she tell stories I'm like
not like this this is not yeah this is
not someone who sometimes tells stories
these are outrageous things like a ghost
hovering over her bed to um the cancer
thing and then it was a sister that died
it was one thing after another okay so
we get to a point where um August 22nd
they told us she was next in line for a
bed in Wyoming or I'm sorry Montana and
um so we were like okay so we leave the
hospital we go to dinner that night and
then again about 7:30 8:00 the hospital
calls us and it was a doctor from the
hospital and he said um a bed has opened
up in Wyoming and she needs to go and we
were like yeah we were just what you
know how did this happen we were told
Billings earlier today yeah there's
nothing worse than being proved right
when you're apprehensive okay so now
it's Wyoming and so he said well she she
has to go we're not doing her any good
here she can't just sit here forever and
I said I understand that but we were
told she was next line for bed in
Billings we thought we had just a little
bit of time and so the call ended and
within 10 minutes CPS showed up at our
house with the police officer and
removed her from our care they gave us
paperwork saying that we were unwilling
or unable to provide medical care for
her and that's that's not true at all
and so so what okay so what did you make
of that it said child neglect they're
they're saying that that act of not
providing or not being able willing and
able to provide medical okay now was
that based on your objection to her
being moved to Wyoming yeah only that
she had only I see because so they told
you she was going to Billings then they
told you she was going to Wyoming you
weren't very happy about that and then
they used that as evidence that you
weren't willing to provide her with
appropriate care and that's when they
took her from you correct exactly they
called it recommended we we were
declining her recommended Health that's
that's the way they were did that oh yes
oh man so there's a there's a great
setup for you so this was pre-planned
she was going to Wyoming absolutely you
know why it was pre-planned because they
didn't go through the court all that was
preprinted it was they got there in 10
minutes got served we in a small town
but it's not that small you know I mean
10 minutes from the time that we got off
the phone to the time that you arrived
at the house of the police and they said
you guys can't talk to her again until
we say you can't talk to her you can't
call her you can't see her yeah how old
is she at this point 14 oh my God so now
she's Fallen completely into the hands
of the demented social workers exactly
so then the next day which was August
23rd after they told us we couldn't see
her anything they had somebody an
employee from Children's Services um
transfer her to Wyoming but on the way
there she was allowed to stop she was
allowed to stop and visit her friends
she was allowed to go to her summer job
after we were told that we couldn't see
her or speak to her they made all these
stops around town and visited with all
these people before they left she could
tell them that she was she could tell
them that she was transgender suicidal
and and her parents were abusing her and
I'm like I don't care what people think
of me in the town but she's a child I
mean they should have protected her what
if you know when she's 20 she's over all
of this and and is in a different place
in life and now what did you let her do
you know what just happened
there are you struggling with back taxes
or unfiled returns this year the IRS is
actively escalating collections by
adding 20,000 new agents in these
challenging times your best defense is
to use tax Network USA along with hiring
thousands of new agents and field
officers the IRS has kicked off 2024 by
sending over 5 million pay up letters to
those who have unfiled tax returns or
balances owed these guys are not your
friends don't save your rights and speak
with these agents independently without
backup tax Network USA a trusted tax
relief firm has saved over 1 billion
doar in back taxes for their clients and
they can help you secure the best deal
possible whether you owe $10,000 or 10
million they can help whether it's
business or personal taxes whether you
have the means to pay or on a fixed
income tax Network can help resolve your
tax burdens once and for all seize
control of your financial future now and
don't let tax issues overpower you
contact tax Network USA for immediate
relief and expert guidance call 1
180024 6000 or visit TN
usa.com Peterson turn to tax Network USA
and find your path to financial peace of
mind that's TN
usa.com
Peterson so we were pretty upset about
that so she goes to Wyoming yeah pretty
upset I bet you were how upset
extremely they were just destroying
burning all of her Bridges there and
it's like they were intentionally just
burning all the bridges to her family
same so how are you making sense of this
because now they're not we're just
totally kind of we're mad we're upset
you know we're hurt our daughters just
been ripped away from us like it was our
whole world was just kind of spinning
felt like we're up against the devil
that's what it felt like like that's the
face that's the face of the devil that's
what I thought yeah that's what the
devil is it was and so okay so why and
so why did you why did you why did it
appear to you why did those appear to be
the relevant terms to you do you think
because she's a child she's a child if I
when I was a child I could not make any
such decisions my I I'm glad my mom and
dad were there to tell me no you know to
particularly true when you're like 13 to
15 boy if you if you're able to you can
imagine staking your life on the stupid
decision you made when you were 13 my
God you'd be in such ter shape
absolutely and I couldn't believe that
they could do these things I was so I
we' never been involved in this system
before we've never dealt with that yeah
well you were fortunate in that boy once
you get your sleeve caught in the Child
Welfare machine you are in you are in
serious trouble mm yeah now we know yeah
yeah yeah I can tell okay so now she's
off now so you can see too they're
letting her stop off with all her
friends and to say goodbye they're
showing her just how much they are on
her side yes right so now that's the
substitution for the parents is like
well your parents don't care for you
they're abusing you look at how nice we
are to you we'll give you everything you
could possibly want and more oh yeah one
of the attorneys involved in our case
said a a smart thing he said they took
your daughter and they taught her how to
weaponize the system and now you know
you've got a super smart kid who has
learned that she can get what she wants
just by saying a few key words and what
do you think since August 18th those are
those are her key words I'll kill myself
if you don't let me yeah you know I mean
she has like now she knows so how do you
how do you work her on that or come back
for that I don't know but she did go to
Wyoming she was there for a month while
she was in Wyoming we were given very
little information but we did email them
constantly and say things like we want
to make sure she's not being called Leo
we want to make sure you're not letting
her live as a boy we're not okay with oh
yeah you want to make sure that you're
not transitioning her and um you know no
men's products cuz that was another
thing at the first hospital they started
given her men's hygiene products to use
even after I was like no I'll bring her
stuff from home she doesn't need Old
Spice you know she needs yeah and so so
what were they tell what were they doing
and what were they telling you they they
told us that they're going to do what
the patient needs them to do to get well
they said therapeutically they had to
meet her where she was and if she was a
boy right now they had to meet her as a
boy and I was like I'm not yeah well
they're basically ma it depends on the
state but they were likely mandated by
law to do that I mean I know in Canada
for example under the dictates of
so-called gender affirming care that
therapists are punish it's it's a
punishable offense for a therapist not
to affirm the state of gender of a minor
yeah even if you had some even if there
were some sensible therapists there and
those are becoming very hard to find by
the way the the probability that they
would be able to go against her stated
wishes in an Institutional setting even
if they thought they should is low right
because that's that's what exactly what
the and these bills that ban so-called
conversion therapy they're aimed
precisely at ensuring that a child who's
possessed by an evil whim as is the case
in your daughter and then being egged on
by narcissistic and cowardly Psychopaths
the therapists are
and Physicians for that matter are
required by law to continue with the LIE
right and so everyone who's watching and
listening should know that too so you
bring your child who's has gender
dysphoria and Associated conditions to a
therapist or a medical professional at
your peril right and theirs too and so
what I mean what do you do how do you
treat these kids but I mean so she stays
in Wyoming for a month then they bring
her back to um the state of Montana and
that that point she went into a a group
home called it was run by an agency
called youth
Dynamics Dynamics yep and at the group
home they socially transitioned her they
allowed her to be called Leo he him and
what had they done in Wyoming on that in
that regard were they were the so she's
well on the pathway now so she's on the
path now so right now she's surrounded
by people who are also bolstering her
story that you guys aren't to be trusted
that you've alienated her that you
likely abused her that the fact that you
wouldn't go along with her true identity
means that you're not to be trusted all
of that M yeah yeah and so now that's
where that's where we have her she's
very very angry very um you know and
more of the the manipulation and the
lies and stuff are coming up and um and
what sort of lies are you seeing at that
point they were they were actually like
we mentioned earlier she had already
turned their sights on them so CPS would
call and say that your daughter Jennifer
just told me off just cussed me out on
the phone and she said there's
apparitions floating around and those
kind of things the same stuff was
starting
all said cult she said you're in a cult
and I'm never coming back to glasow cuz
I'm not going to live in your cult and
just more of right of what she was doing
before only on a Bigg limit pushing yeah
and one thing during both the Wyoming
time and at first it seemed like a
coincidence but it just kept going on
and on we were giv the wrong contact
information to her where she was that in
Wyoming cut off and every number we'd be
given we couldn't contact her and then
when they moved her again it was the
same problem all over again that did
happen it was
strange strange how we given the wrong
number everywhere yeah right strange
absolutely that's exactly the kind of
behind the scenes manipulation you'd
expect from people who are narcissistic
Psychopaths even even the court
appointed attorneys numbers we were
given were completely wrong and they
gave them out of country phone numbers
for her and I yeah it was so they didn't
even start interacting in in it until
weeks into it we okay so she's in in
Wyoming for a month then she comes back
to Montana now she's in this group you
said she in a group home and run by
youth Dynamics and and so what and
they're they're continuing with the
transition and so what are you I imagine
you did some background research on that
group what what what did you find out
about them um they they're in a very
woke area of our of our state you know
Montana's pretty broken up and um but
the area that are is particularly woke
okay and and what do you mean by that
exactly and how did you know that um
well they
allowed they believe that you can
transfer your gender when you want like
today I want to be a girl oh tomorrow
I'm going to be a boy so call me this
name and then some of the other things
that they believe in and that they kind
of tout or just not our beliefs okay
well we can leave it at that that's fine
that's fine and so in this group home
she's allowed 100% socially transition
she is called Leo she's been given a
chest binder oh yeah she's allowed to
wear men's clothes straight down to the
boxer shorts I mean everything yeah and
so we would visit down she's 14 she
shaved her head so she had like this
really masculine you know haircut um at
the school program which was run by an
agency called New Day she was allowed to
be in all the boys groups and present
herself as a boy at school and right now
she's in a different school right and
how's do you have any idea how life at
that school is working out for
her we went down there together to see
her and everything was great the visit
was great she seemed excited about
coming home like when can she come home
the visit was
fantastic however um she was um you can
see being socially transitioned but
pieces of who she really was was a
parent like like you could tell she
missed being with us and okay so you
went to visit her when she was still in
the group home twice and the second time
we went I went for a long walk with her
in the back and she said she don't know
why she tells these lies she goes I
can't wait to come home and it was I was
almost in tears I was I was crying she
said I can't wait I want to come home
I'm so sorry for the problem I'll never
do these things again and I I promised
her that well you can imagine that
there's a part of her you know imagine
her split in some ways into two parts
and so there's the part that's new
that's that's excited about her new
identity and attracting all this
attention and toying with this idea and
these fantasies so that's the fantasy
world and then there's the true part of
her that's like pining like mad for her
actual life and missing I mean how long
has she been away from you guys now um
at that the August to we're looking at
like October November right so number of
months and she's 14 and so all of this
hospitalization everything descended on
her with the same rapidity that it desc
descended on you with even more
disruption cuz at least you guys got to
go home and you had each other and all
of a sudden she's like in she's in
serious no man's land and we knew we
were in trouble though when we went
seeing her because it went so good the
uh the place that where she was being
how at they were all excited how good
everything just went again and we were
supposed to come back and take her to
dinner that night so we were all excited
about that and she was excited and then
they called us about an hour before that
and said CPS and glass called and they
said absolutely not the parents are not
allowed to be alone with
her they were like wow how the hell did
they find out every every time things
would be where she wanted to come back
home the things were good CPS would step
in and block it do you have any idea who
was doing that why the counselor y the
counselor the one that come to your
house yeah the one um the one at the
group home so in the group home they
have like an in-house counselor that she
saw so you think that counselor was
contacting CPS absolutely cuz he was
saying you know when the parents are
here they they will only call her
Jennifer they won't call her Leo oh yeah
yeah and and that you could tell it was
upsetting those there's a special place
in hell for him yeah so you could tell
that they were they were not happy with
us even though we're very polite to them
but we wouldn't buy into it you know
we'd be like okay Jennifer show us your
room okay Jennifer let's look at not Leo
we would never say Leo you know and then
and ion told her I'm like the haircut
looks really masculine is that the look
you were going for and she was kind like
you know so things like that continue to
go on okay okay so all right so now
she's in the group home and
hypothetically she's going to come home
what does happen so during this whole
time we're having monthly Court meetings
um to see so the judge could be just see
where we're at you know where CPS was at
with everything and everyone has a
lawyer Todd had a lawyer I had a lawyer
assigned to me our daughter has a lawyer
assigned to her CPS has a lawyer and
then there's a CA Guardian there's all
these people and so almost every Court
thing was about a half hour long and
during that they all kind of talked to
each other you know I'm like are we
going to get to the point here like
shouldn't we be talking about our
daughter and what's going on with her
not what you did last weekend cuz I
don't care you know and so um it finally
our our public defenders told us just
keep your head down play nice and at the
end of this group home program which is
about 6 months you'll have your daughter
back in your care yeah and then you can
go on with your life so we were like
okay okay well it all came to a head
because finally we're like no we're not
okay with this we don't want to play
nice anymore we don't want to do any of
these things
anymore and at that point um this was on
January I believe it was January
Guardian came over yeah the 19th well
the guardian came over in October but on
January 19th basically CPS wanted to
step out of the case and um place our
daughter with her birthmother who now
lives in Canada with her new husband
probably not probably important not to
skip past the guardian coming in o
the reason that's important is that's
when we knew what the game was okay the
guardian tell me about the guardian the
guardian and lightam came to our house
it was very pleasant meeting she was um
and who is this Guardian State appointed
guardian of your child she comes to meet
with you okay meeting went great we sat
in the kitchen visited everything was
great very friendly very comfortable
with her and when we're walking out she
stopped and she said I need to know
what's this going to look like you
raising having a transgender child you
are you are you going to if you're not
going to agree to call her by her
preferred pronouns and raise her as as a
boy then you're not going to like what I
have to say in court that's what she
that was her
party so much for the ni I was blown
away that figures that's just exact she
even brought us an article that said how
we should we should be supportive like
we should use the proun that she wants
and I was like no I said I don't I don't
need your article we're good pamplets on
how to raise a transgender child the
whole bit oh no you guys were no you
were either going to go along with the
lie or you were going to get like raked
over the coals that was that was the
game and all the niceness is there just
so the people who are doing it don't
have to face who they actually are yes
yes so what happened was we released our
video that was 17 minutes long saying
this is what we've gone through with the
system okay tell me about that when when
did you do that January 17th okay You
released it where um I released it on
YouTube and Facebook and Facebook so
what made you decide to do that we had
no choice we're we're at the end of our
line you transitioned our daughter
you're destroyed so you thought we're
just going to make everything
transparent public and we're going to
take our chances be because everything
that we've talked about so far we were
not allowed to even breathe a word of in
court everything that's been said so far
they what do you mean you weren't
allowed to our our anything we would
tell the court court appointed attorneys
but we just told you and what we talked
about so far and none of it would come
out in court why we have no idea we'd
have to sit there and just shut up they
would talk and none of it would ever
come out how did you control your temper
um it was more shock all the time I was
pinching him under the table
I'm married well I married well
that's yeah she keeps she but it was
hard well you said no I think I think
you I think your answer is good that you
were so shocked that that that you
didn't actually know what to do I'm sure
that's true absolutely think this it's
like being in a movie right right and we
couldn't believe that they would sit
there and say things that were
completely the opposite of the truth and
even things we would point out saying
okay this is a a outright lie you have
this completely backwards and they say
we know it can't be Chang though that
was their for instance like on the
affida they submitted an affida to court
and it says you know we weren't
providing housing clothing food and all
this stuff and we said hey you were at
our house and in this report over here
that you made says our house was clean
well stocked and no dangers we were told
oh that's a template that we use for
affid datives so just ignore that part
oh I see oh that's very convenient for
you guys yeah but it's listed it's in in
the record any anybody if you saw that
you how would you know I mean you it
looks like we're these terrible people
who live in squalor and run like a meth
then or something you know with this
poor kid in it and that's not true at
all wow wow wow okay okay so you've had
enough by January 19th I bet you've had
January 17th You released a 17-minute
video on YouTube what do you you you
tell what we tell our story in very good
T we don't use any names none of that at
all we we didn't mention where did you
release it um I put it on YouTube as
well as Facebook on on your just on your
social media yes I see so it was just a
local thing essentially and what
happened it started to catch fire and um
the next so that was on 17th on the 18th
our daughter's attorney filed a motion
in court that said they have to take
their video down and and they're not
allowed to talk about anything yes and
so this was on the 18th and so I was
like okay I I see your motion they
emailed it to me so I was like I don't
how serious do I take this I don't know
so on the 19th we go to court and the
judge for this so it's that fast two
days later the court system can move
pretty quickly when they need when they
want to but before this is important
leadup too there's plenty of witnesses
to this too and we were told prior to
that the purpose of this is the judge is
going to put you in your place the
attorneys said that to us about eight
times we kept her attorney um the our
public they said you've really made this
judge mad she's going to put you in your
place yeah over and over she's gonna
she's going to really come at you you
shouldn't have done that we're glad you
did in one way guys but on the other way
you really shouldn't have done that in
the video and so um when we got to the
court on the 19th CPS wanted out of the
case they wanted to place Gennifer with
her birthmother in Canada and they just
why did they want out of the case it was
getting too hot I think it's getting
it's getting too much attention and too
hot I see so it's just time to fo her
off somewhere else yes so what they did
was um the judge and and the judge and
the attorneys intervene and they said
well what have you done to investigate
this mom in Canada who hasn't been with
this child in 7 years hasn't really
spoke to her hasn't seen her how have
you and they said well we got a
background checked so then they were
like okay well she's in kitner Ontario
so in the other Providence is if she got
in trouble would it show in kitner and
they're like probably not so he the
judge was like I want you to do more
looking into the birth mom and making
sure it's an appropriate okay so so let
me separate these you have a court case
for January 19th about your about your
video this case that you're referring to
to is separate from that no it all
happened happed at the same time oh I
see okay okay so the judge was going to
put you in in your place but also was
attending to the safety of your daughter
in relationship to this transfer okay
okay it was like a dual she addressed a
couple issues in that I see and she told
us that day the judge said that we
needed to accept that reunification with
our daughter wasn't going to be what we
were expecting that it was going to be
that she probably didn't live with us
but we had the chance to rebuild a
relationship with her is what she said
to us yeah and and regarding the video
too the judge never watched the video
had never seen it the judge even had
been in that Court never watched it
didn't even want to take the time to
watch it and she did ask the County
Attorney if he had watched it and he
nothing alarming they didn't use any
names and unless there's other copies
that are longer and there wasn't there's
only the one but nobody so what did they
tell you you had to do we got 10 we
remove it right now you got 10 minutes
or you go to jail on what grounds
contempt of court oh so we had to do
that so what what what but what had you
done wrong before the contempt of court
nothing nothing nothing I see so if you
didn't take it down that was contempt of
court but there was no reason that you
had to take it down apart from that as
far as you could tell no it was it was
done in taste it was done very polite it
was so did she offer any explanation at
all for her just anger and put us in our
place nope y scre wow so okay now so now
you you've you've lost your daughter and
you've been through the through the
social work meat grinder and legal meat
grinder and now you make this public
because you actually have the right to
freedom of speech and all you did was
tell the truth and apparently you
annoyed a judge for reasons that you
don't understand and they told you that
you either take it down or you're going
to go to jail that's the situation
exactly oh yeah so so that's fun so what
are you thinking about your place in the
world at this point we're blown away by
that because
the it was so simple we see other people
put way more stuff up we did not name
our child and they also their attorney
the attorney for our daughter that was
she's very woke but said um um he said
he was Bor he lives in Glasgow in the in
the video I said um I'm from Glasgow
Montana and lived I said I was born in
glasow Montana and I've lived in Montana
much of my life I so that was a big
crime they said that was a big one
because then everybody can figure out
where our daughters from so we thought
that's on everybody's Facebook profiles
already right um that's a crime so we we
took the video we did take the video
down in the 10 minutes you have to this
is a Friday and I don't really want to
sit in jail over the weekend which I
know was her intent and so I'm like okay
so I took the video down but somebody
else had already copied it and released
it on Rumble and other places and I
don't know who did that um so it's it's
just caught fire from from there and
that's kind of what landed us here yeah
so currently our our daughter who's 14
is in Canada with her birth mom we have
great concerns about that cuz I'm not
sure if if you got to see the letter so
all throughout the girls lives um we had
three of the girls in our care when they
were minors and I had them in counseling
right away because they told me horror
stories about this birth mother and
terrible things that supposedly happened
so as soon as I married Todd I put them
all in counseling one of those
counselors wrote a letter stating that
if um the birth mother wanted to be
reunited with Jennifer that she needed
to go through un reunification therapy
have visits all the claims that the kids
had made needed to be looked into so
right from the GetGo I gave CPS those
letters from that counselor back in
2017 I think it was maybe 18 and they
were like well she's not doing that now
and I'm like well no she's not doing
that now because she hasn't seen our
daughter in seven years yeah so we don't
know they didn't care they don't care so
we don't know what's going on in you
definitely had them confused with people
who cared yeah mhm quite the contrary
yeah it is right right and so that's
where she is now and so
what's what do you guys face now
practically and legally into the future
so when was the last time you were in
communication with your daughter not in
probably over a month now it's been a
while and that that's because we had the
weekly where we talk to talk on um
webcam with her with a counselor right
so that's monitored so we haven't had
that anymore at
all and also her sisters who who loves
her her sister is in in the Navy loves
her to death and um they CPS block
communication with her too so she cannot
um talk to her sister is your
communication with your daughter blocked
or blocked and then also we during this
time well they've H her too my like her
grandparents that aren't blocked they
they kept forget getting over and over
over they kept saying it was an
oversight that she wasn't allowed to
call them and wasn't on the call list
and we would keep going through the the
attorneys and they were so what do you
think what do you think is in the offing
for your daughter is she living as Leo
at the moment she is and what's the plan
her birth mom is in Canada with her and
supports her being transgender supports
her being called Leo I don't know what
health care she can get in in Canada if
she can get you know the double
masectomy and stuff I don't know what's
available to her
and and that's very not just available
recommended yes that's very very scary
to us and you know our greatest fear is
that she
will I don't if you want to say grow out
of this phase or or come around from
this phase she's 14 yeah 80% of kids or
more really grow out of it by 18 yeah
and if you get them to what damage has
been done and at that point does she
what if she really does want to kill
herself then like what have we done to
to support her and help her through the
basic mental crisis that she had I don't
feel like the system helped her at all
well you can say that again Montana we
found out just recently leads the US
according to an article on child
takeaways by CPS true the capital of it
in the whole United States Montana so
how do you guys reconcile yourself with
your your situation as Citizens in the
United States now I mean like this is
I've heard stories like this before
unfortunately I've watched people who
were perfectly good parents fall into
the MW of Child Protective Services
often because their child was foolish
enough to make a false complaint and
then like all hell breaks loose and
you're lucky like well you guys weren't
lucky it think you know things really
got out of hand for you but anybody
whose life isn't destroyed by that
completely is is fortunate so so now
you're in you're in a dire situation and
so is your daughter like uh what's your
next move and and what's your status
legally like because you guys like you
you weren't supposed to put up this
video but yeah here you are talking to
me so why my suspicions are this isn't
going to make you very popular no so
that one of the lawmakers that actually
passed the law said what that they're
they're not following the laws correctly
and that's the whole problem here it
isn't the lawmakers the lawmakers have
the right laws up but CPS and I don't
know if woke is the word or whatever the
word is to use that kind of evil but
they're able to just go right around the
laws like oh they're going to ban this
in Montana we're going to send her to
wyom everything has been that way and
the lawmakers are commenting on our
video the video they made us took down
the people that were commenting on it
were the lawmakers from the state and
they're saying yeah this is wrong
they're doing this 100% backwards so our
situation now to to run back to it yeah
is we are in contempt of court um we are
we have a court hearing on Wednesday and
contemp of court for what exactly we
we're not supposed to speak about our
case or anything like that at all again
everything that we talk why are you
because I keep telling people our family
has been destroyed there'll never be a
family unit of Christa Todd and Jennifer
again we're that is done our our life
that way as we know it is destroyed but
the best thing that we can do is make
sure that this doesn't happen again at
least in the state of Montana I mean we
have to get the word out we have to do
whatever we can do to make sure why are
you willing to take that risk because
it's the right thing to do for one and
for another we we don't want another
family to go through what we've gone
through oh absolutely and and and also
it' be a crime not to because when did
when did the US shift to a country where
CPS can say you don't even get a voice
2015 what have we said here today that
is harmful to anybody that it has to be
gag ordered bannned be you y and yeah
well I can see you know to some degree
you've already had everything that can
really be taken away and that's another
thing you've already taken our child
that's right that's right what's next
that's exactly right going to take my
house well I would also say like you you
your your your best determination is to
go out with guns blazing you know and
that's where we're at right absolutely
make absolutely every bit of this as
public as you possibly can right and and
assume even if you get nailed on
Wednesday if you get nailed for contempt
which you will MH
um more of
it more of it yeah you know because the
more attention that you attract to
what's happened to you the more
effective your stance is going to be so
I would say my family has been under
attack many times for not things not
quite as dire as what you're going
through but
um your silence is what's required
exactly and you have the weapon of your
voice right and if we're quiet then
we're we're helping the system
absolutely how is that helping another
family it's not yeah or you for that
matter or you I mean yep you know
there's still some possibility that you
could see your way through this like
I've seen families who've gone through
situations similar to yours or Worse
even still weave things back together
eventually you know
yes so people grow up things change and
we are open to that absolutely yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah well that would be the
best possible case scenario and you know
what your daughter's really going to
want in the depth of her heart is to see
that you are doing absolutely everything
you can to fight 100% for her you know
and to what to whatever degree the part
of her that's still oriented in her own
favor
isn't completely buried it's going to be
that part's going to be looking to see
what sort of commitment you have to her
long-term thriving mhm so Wednesday e
Wednesday yes and we have a First
Amendment attorney involved you know
they filed appeals in the Supreme Court
and stuff and well you're lucky in the
United States you have pretty powerful
Free Speech protection so with any luck
that will actually protect you in Canada
the Situation's much worse we we have a
Charter of Rights but that bloody thing
isn't worth the paper it's printed on
and so basically in Canada it's already
been decided that any half-wit mid-level
bureaucrat of exactly the sort that you
guys have been tangling with can put
pretty much any restrictions whatsoever
on freedom of speech and freedom of
Association and and
uh well those two in particular for
whatever reason they deem reasonable so
but you do have first amendment
protection in the US so my suspicions
are if you keep fighting this that
you'll probably win how are you
affording this we have a g and go um you
know I mean we're we're trying to rally
and and to raise money we at one point
not to jump backwards but at one point
we were told um you know CPS has a a
budget of like $3.5 million and so we're
like why can't why does our family unit
because they're saying that we have to
have a treatment plan which their
treatment plan is they want us to go to
marriage counseling and accept Jennifer
for what she is and I said no you're not
going to make me go to you didn't you
just socially transition my daughter and
now you want me to go to counseling to
it's time to transition you no the
answer is no that's no way that's not
going to happen go and record it they
did um they actually did um want us to
go to counseling to learn how to raise
that they want me to go to counseling in
the in Canada to to be reated no like No
And so they said we have to yeah yeah no
I understand I understand so they're
saying no you you don't understand they
were laughing at us the other day
they're like you don't understand you
have to go and I'm like I don't have to
go to counseling to accept something
that I'm that's not true like if if you
told me you were a unicorn I I don't
have to go to counseling to accept that
I didn't tell you that before this
started it's hell of a time to bring it
up now that's just crazy you know and so
no it's not just crazy it's mandatory
and it's illegal not to do it right
that's how crazy it is and so our so
we're working with people who are like
why okay this is the first transgender
case in the state of Montana so why
can't they work with us a little bit and
say let's bring an expert and say how do
you re reunify this family that you you
know you not goal that is definitely not
the goal and they're not open to it at
all that is not the goal the goal is the
goal is exactly what happened to you
that was the goal right and the goal is
the eventual full transition of your
daughter that is the goal for sure and
publicly and hopefully it will cause you
a lot of pain along the way M right
that's the goal make no mistake about it
yeah well good luck with your your court
case keep me posted we will um yeah
maybe what we should do you guys can
decide this but maybe we should do a
brief followup by Zoom after your court
case you know think about it for a
couple of days because they're going to
come down like a ton of bricks on you I
imagine and so then you'll have to
decide you know what you're willing to
to do well we were told by we were told
by an attorney before we walked out here
that um the Press is filing action to be
in the courtroom on Wednesday cuz they
they want to be able to report on the
contempt of court charges and see what
happens to us so we were told that
they're they're trying to do that and at
this point I think the judge said no so
Monday Monday is a court holiday as you
Monday's a court holiday so on Tuesday
the Press has lawyers that are going to
file now being a little um little more
persistent like no they have a right for
freedom of speech the Press has a right
to report on this you have to let them
in one one quick thing though that
there's a they're not playing by the
same rules though we have the governor's
office making comments about us that are
wrong and not only that you guys are way
outside the domain of rules this is no
man's land and War oh yeah you're way
outside the r we've been accused of
having like meth labs and um living in
squalor and and all kinds of stuff like
that well if you're going to have a meth
lab you might as well live in squaller
you know you might like this we were we
were out for dinner we were actually out
for dinner while see while they um had
our daughter and this is um we had one
of the the staff members from the
hospital we think it's one of the nurses
that evidently interviewed our daughter
or something actually approached us in
front of a crowded we're at a crowded
place out for dinner and started raising
our voice at us saying we should have we
KN and they called her by name and we
should have allowed her to transgender
that we should have um promoted that we
should have backed her on what she
wanted and everybody heard it now they
did suspend have you had have you had
okay so let's end with this let's end
this section I'm going to continue
talking um for another half an hour on
the dailywire plus side just so
everybody who's listening knows and I
think I'm going to talk to this couple
about
um about well their feelings about the
country they live in now I would say and
what's happened to it because I would
like to delve into that to some degree
and what they think is going to happen
to them in the future and so um join us
for that join us for that okay so I do
have one question for you well you know
you guys have been under a lot of
pressure yes to admit to your to the
wrongdoing that you've committed right
the the um the fact that you didn't
abide by your daughter's demands the
fact that you're unfit parents as a
consequence of that the fact that now
you're doubling down so hard that you're
willing to divide the courts it's like
to what degree have you had periods of
time where you wondered whether you were
in the
wrong it's happened yeah well I imagine
I can't sometimes daily like sometimes I
I say gosh is this worth it should we
just walk away and and you know go live
quietly somewhere but no that's not the
right thing to do that doesn't help
anybody else so we're going to keep
fighting it just enables it to get worse
and worse and worse oh yeah it'll get
worse there's you know
that's there's hell is a bottomless pit
because no matter how bad it is there's
some stupid something somebody can do to
make it worse and so yeah yeah this is
well you you've definitely seen a long
way into the abyss but there's many
layers below that if you really want to
visit them so and silence definitely
increases the probability that those
additional layers will make themselves
manifest so I mean we're already pretty
far down the rabbit hole right once
we've got to the point where the state
can take your child on the grounds of
your abuse to mutilate castrate and
sterilize them and to claim that that's
virtuous right that's that's a long way
down the rabbit hole but there's more
distance yet to go so yeah brutal well
I'm very sorry to hear what's happened
to you that's and congratulations on
your courage that's rare way rarer than
you think way rarer than you want to
think most people
they they Retreat into
silence you know or they explode
and you can certainly understand that
and so you've managed neither of those
and so well rather be in contempt of
their Court than God's Court though yeah
well that's right that's for sure that's
right all right well to everybody
watching and listening thank you very
much for your time and attention to the
film crew here today appreciate your
help D daylor wire plus people for
making this conversation possible that's
much appreciated as
well
[Music]